This folder contains software for a "Matlab compilation service", realised 
using a VGrid (Virtual Organisation) inside MiG (grid.dk branch).
Matlab scripts can be compiled to standalone applications and executed. It is
based on MiG middleware features and javascript, and requires a working 
Matlab installation on resources (tested with R2010a).

(c) 2010-2011 grid.dk. 
	Author:  Jost Berthold (berthold at diku.dk)
    License: GPL-2 (derived from MiG, see file COPYING)

Contents/Installation:
- One VGrid page index.html for a MiG VGrid, using Javascript for job 
  definition and other tasks.
- One library of javascript helpers jquery.migtools.js to support the above.
These two files should be copied to the private web space of a VGrid.

Background:

A modern Matlab includes a "Matlab compiler" package that can generate
standalone applications. We can use this in a Grid environment to enable
execution of Matlab scripts without requiring licenses for executing
nodes. The executing node needs to install a suitable runtime environment
(MCRRuntime.bin in a Matlab installation, architecture dependent), and only
one node (per architecture variant!) needs a complete Matlab installation --
with Matlab Compiler.

Some documentation is on the index.html page itself. 
Some additional information here:

As a required setup, define MiG runtime environments MATLAB-COMPILE (variable
MCC pointing to the Matlab compiler) and MATLAB-RUNTIME (variable MCR pointing
to the MCRRuntime installation, including the version subdirectory) and
provide them by suitable resources with architecture X86 and AMD64
(the RE names can be configured differently inside index.html).

Compiled scripts are stored in a subdirectory "compiled/", accompanied by
information files "*.info" in json format which are read by the page when
generating the list of executables. Take care when manually changing this
directory and its files!

Only VGrid owners are able to compile scripts (members will get a permission
denied error when the compilation job writes back the result). Members can
however execute compiled scripts, since their result files are written to
their MiG home.
